Can I still see you years ago? I can't come out now
The current situation is still not to meet.
What if you can't leave? I'm not there yet. Don't say such depressing words, but am I worried about you?
I know you worry about me.
Don't worry, there will be a way
What's the blame for the probability of being nosy?
I didn't expect such an accident either.
It was simple
As soon as the lawsuit starts
With your influence with Tang Jian, it must be a hot search every day
The unit will definitely fire me
It's okay now
Can't you just quit?
Fool, it's as simple as you think
Have you seen anyone in my position who dares to resign?
And it's still in this case
Isn't this place without three hundred taels of silver?
I'm done investigating
Silly woman, stop thinking
Yeah, I got it, baby. Hang in there
You go there first, wait for me at ease, we will meet again soon, and we will never be separated in the future.
So you mean that Bai Xiaotong secretly went to Gaiyu behind my back?
Yeah, but I didn't catch what they were saying at the time.
But one thing I'm sure of is they're definitely not good for you
Then why didn't you tell me sooner? I told you earlier.
Do you believe what I said?
Maybe I'll rob myself. Why do you have so many eyes like honeycomb coal?
Then why do you say it now? We both live together.
You don't believe me, who do you believe?
Who lives with you?